# goisomessage
Services of the financial industry include the exchange of electronic messages relating to financial transactions. 
Agreements on application specifications are generally at a private level. This International Standard is designed as an interface specification enabling messages to be exchanged between systems adopting a variety of application specifications. 
The application specification may remain at the private level. Designers of such applications have complete design freedom within the overall constraint that messages shall be convertible to this interface format in order that international interchange may take place. 
This International Standard uses a concept called a bit map, whereby each data element is assigned a position indicator in a control field, or bit map. A one in the assigned position indicates the presence of a data element in a specific message. 
A zero in the assigned position indicates the absence of a data element in a specific message. Data representation used in individual systems is subject to the commercial relationships between the parties contracting to each system. 
The message formats specified in this International Standard are designed to ensure that compatibility between systems conforming to this International Standard is always feasible. In a number of cases, the names of data elements and message classes can become confusing when used in descriptive paragraphs. The word authorization is a typical example. 
It is an activity undertaken by a card issuer, it is the name of a message class where an acquirer requests a card issuer to undertake the activity and it is also a word used in many data element names.
